Welcome to this lesson on blockchain basics.
In this lesson, we'll start exploring the fundamental components of the blockchain.
We'll break open what might seem like a bit of
a black box to explore the system underlying the blockchain.
These ideas will give you a strong foundation in these new ideas to help
prepare you to tackle more advanced concepts as we progress through the program.
It'll also help build you towards completing
the first project where you'll create and manage your own blotching identity.
Throughout the lesson, we'll often revisit this graphic.
We're calling it the blockchain framework.
It provides a great overview of the core blockchain components.
Think of it like a roadmap for the blockchain.
Right now, it's probably not clear what any of
this means but as we progress through the lesson
we'll use it to define each of these new ideas and explain how they relate to each other.
We've also put some extra information down below the lesson
to help you get more familiar with the topics we're about to cover.
If you like, take some time to look through this overview.
Feel free to jump right in.
We're really excited you're here and can't wait to get started with blockchain basics.